the priniples of neighbourliness 
what kind of people are you ? You have no regard for the concept of cohabitation, no respect for the principles of good neighboliness. You litter the grouns, you make noise, you smoke narcostics rhat waft their way into our quarters choking the life out of us.  you shout when you laugh, you shout when you play, you shout when you fight, you leave the house and return screaming, but most despicable, you announce that most intimate of all private human interactions, copulation with big resounding noise. The truth, living with you is no worse than being house mates with the devil


        come, let us reason together
Even when experts all agree, they may well be mistaken. While this may be true, it is popular among stupid people. Your liberal Independence is highly premature. You will never see a youuuall behind a horse, the Egyptians tried it, all they got was robbed. mark my words. Today is May 24, 2020. You're taking a great step in the wrong direction. let me say that again. You're taking a great step in the wrong direction. Just keep climbing! keep climbing! Be not mistaken, it is not our goal to stop stupid people from hurting themselves. our goal is rather to give them more capabilities to do more stupid things. Foot guns would explain that better. those words might sound harsh, that is intended. 'Ire o'
                                                                                24th May, 2020.


        ...that we may live in peace and security
If there is a feature of life that is sometimes useful, but sometimes dangerous, and if there is a better option, then always use the better option. this should not be controversial but unfortunately it is. Not all features of life comes with good intentions. this is also not controversial. The controversy I think comes from a fundamental misundertanding of what is it we are doing here. We are not here to use every features of life.

Be not mistaken, I am neither a black enemy nor a red devil, hope I do not sound like one. the words might, however, sound odd, that is intended. I am but a friend, a well-wisher, a brother ,  a close-relative  wishing good for you and the union that is anticipated. wishing that you will prosper. that you will succeed. that you will live living the good parts. that you will live leaving the bad parts. that you will be protected. that you will be directed. that you will remain blessed all the days of your life. that we may live together in peace and security.  'Ire o'. 

                                                                                May 24, 2020
cc Toke,
cc Akeem,
cc Jemmy.